:: Day 22 KEB

Javlyn recognized that she wasn’t in the right mindset to face any monster, but after walking the hour or so it took to get to the cave, she wasn’t quite ready to just abandon the attempt.

Ralti Pond wasn’t far, just past the cave she had originally been heading towards. It was an insect-infested hellhole, but it also tended to be pretty and serene when not swatting away bugs.

Javlyn was cautious as she walked past the cave entrance, eyeing it carefully with her hand on her sword, even turning sideways to take one last look before turning towards the pond. It almost got her killed.

A small thing was jumping at her and Javlyn didn’t think, just drew the sword and swung, almost losing her grip as it connected, sending the thing - the creature - flying.

She didn’t have time to do anything about that because two more were incoming. They were short, coming up to her waist at most, and thin, bony, humanoid-ish creatures. They were fast. One dove for her knees that she kicked at, forcing her to dodge to the side when the other jumped at her.

This left one on either side, but as she tried to turn and swing at the one behind her, another three were suddenly there, pacing in a circle around her. Where the fuck did these come from?

Javlyn tried to continue attacking, blade digging into one creature’s shoulder, but swore as another came up and grabbed onto her left arm, trying to bite down. The jacket seemed to spare her, but even as she tried to shake it loose another grabbed onto her right leg and a third was jumping towards her face.

“Fuck it,” Javlyn grunted, turned, and ran. She pried the one clinging to her arm off and swung her sword down at the one tenaciously holding onto her leg. The creature grabbed onto the blade. As it let go of her leg to do so, Javlyn dropped the sword, and the creature with it, and broke into a sprint, trying to outdistance the little fuckers.

She didn’t stop to look, though eventually she had to slow her pace to a jog. She was panting heavily and there was a stitch in her side, but she wasn’t willing to stop, terrified that they were still chasing her. After a couple moments of jogging with no impact, Javlyn chanced a look over her shoulder. 

Off in the distance, there was a horde of the small monsters, no longer chasing her but watching. 

Javlyn nearly stumbled as she looked back to the path and picked up the pace again, who cared if she could breathe. She wasn’t stopping till those fuckers were out of sight. Endurance training. Definitely needed endurance training.

She had been expecting one monster, most likely distracted and hiding in a cave. Not whatever that was. Fuck. She was not ready for something like that. But she would be. This just cemented in her mind the need to act, to do something. Waiting for someone else to come and fix things wasn’t good enough. 

Next time, she’d be prepared.
